
Partner Companies
This is Jennifer
She is the founder of a fashion startup. She does not have much technical experience and she is looking for someone to help her with the company's website and develop all technical aspects including SEO, social media, advertising online/marketing, and gathering data. She does not have much funding and that is why she is interested in an apprentice who is capable of developing her vision. 

This is Bruce
He is the CTO of an established small company. He is in the market for an entry level developer but would like to make sure they are capable of completing the work load and they are a good fit for the company. He is always concerned about turnover so he wants to make the most informed decision as possible. He feels that having an intern is less risk than hiring someone outright. 

This is Larry
He is a technical recruiter who is scouting for talent. He is always scouring job boards and linkedin for developers. He is interested in any source for talent and wants to see if apprentices have the skills/experience to fill some of his open positions.

This is James
He is an entrepenuer who has several startup companies. He is constantly looking for developers for his ventures but would like them to be knowledgeable, flexible and not too set in their ways - a developer who can do the basics and is willing to learn. He is a CT native and want to see CT's tech scene thrive so ideally would hire from CT.

Students 

This is Karen
She is a working professional in marketing. She mainly works with social media and with her company's blog. She has very basic programming experience - a little bit of wordpress. She is interested in learning more about web development because she feels that it will help her boost her resume. She wants to find out if A100 is a good fit for her. 

This is Arnold
He is CS student with some experience building websites and creating web apps. He is not too confident in his skills yet and is looking for an opportunity to hone his skills, learn new technologies, and get a better feel of production code and working with a team. 

Apprentices
This is Andrea
She is a former apprentice. She has completed her internship but has not gotten a job offer yet. She has a linkedin account, is part of a few job boards, a github account and has her own portfolio site. She is always looking for ways to connect with people because she hopes it will lead to a job offer. 



Questions:

We are not too clear on many aspects of partner companies like the application process, the requirements they need to meet, what the process is once they are accepted into the program, their role once they accept an apprentice and their obligations. 

What are some characteristics potential companies want in an apprentice/intern?

Can you think of any features that will be helpful in showcasing the trainings or work of the apprentices?

One of the objectives is to have potential students know the program is effective. One way to show this is with some testimonials from successful apprentices. The site currently does not have an alumni section - do you think it would be useful to show what successful apprentices have done/are doing now? It can be as simple as a short description. Do you feel this is information that will encourage students/partners to sign up?

We would like to know more about the application form for both apprentices and companies. Would you like us to use the same one from the current site or a new one? 

Do you want us to create a form for those who want to contact you for more information about the program or is an email address enough?

How involved is A100 in social media? Do you want social media to be incorporated into the website and if so, how?

Can you provide us with a set of approved logos & signage?















